it's a basic necessity of life but for
Palestinians in Gaza clean water is
scarce thousands of displaced people
travel Everyday by foot to one of the
gaza's last operating dissemination
plans it's an everyday ordeal we come to
fill water two to three times a day some
of this water is for drinking and some
we use for washing it's a crisis a daily
mental and physical struggle were
drained and
exhausted most of gaza's water treatment
and sanitation infrastructure has been
badly damaged or destroyed by Israel
since October 7th Palestinians here now
rely on what Aid gets through Israeli
restrictions and remaining treatment
plants but there is not enough fuel
getting into the strip to keep them
running the station stopped operating
due to lack of fuel that's what we were
told we fetch sea water to wash our
belongings but it's not it's just too
salty the crowded conditions and lack of
Sanitation here mean there's a constant
risk of disease and without clean water
even basic hygiene becomes a
struggle I have two boys with special
needs they need care and they need water
it takes me about an hour to go get
water sometimes when I get back I find
them crying in the tent they need
someone to stay with them they need
mineral water and it's not available
they need a proper tent and hygiene the
shortage of water is adding more misery
to the lives of tens of thousands of
Palestinians currently staying in
makeshift camps after being displaced
several times in the past few months
hind
alaza
paltin make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz